Add note for temp pause to repo (#1476)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: README.md

> :warning: **Temporary pause on contributions to the MetaMask docs repository**
> 

> > Contributions to this repository will be paused from August 5 to August 30, 2024.
> > Pull requests and new issues submitted during this period will not be reviewed or addressed until after the pause.
> > We'll resume normal operations on August 31.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Starting August 3, 2024, contributions to this repository will be temporarily paused.
> Pull requests submitted during this period will not be reviewed or merged until after the pause.
```

I don't think we have solid confirmation on the end date, so I don't want to promise when normal operations will resume.
